[PLT-1652] Allow skipping kubernetes intermediate version during upgrade (#708)
Stratio/kind: stratio-docs/en/modules/operations-manual/pages/operations-manual.adoc

- Upgrade the version of Kubernetes from 1.27.X to 1.28.X.
- Restore, if necessary, the services from the backup process previously performed.

> NOTE: If `--skip-k8s-intermediate-version` flag is set Kubernetes is upgraded from 1.26.X to 1.28.X in one step. This is only suported in EKS environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: If you use the `--skip-k8s-intermediate-version` flag, Kubernetes will be upgraded directly from version 1.26.X to 1.28.X in a single step. This is only supported in EKS environments.
```
